AI Integration: describe types (#7219)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/Prompt/user.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A string representing a custom message to the AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string representing a custom message to the AI model.
```

> A string representing a custom message to the AI model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A string that specifies a custom message to the AI model.
```
